# Deep-Learning-on-Image-Classification
The project is intended to give you experience to working on neural networks in a research ap- plication. It is also intended to give you experience working with topics covered in the last three weeks of class, particularly RNNs, for which this project is the evaluation. This means, in this project, you should evaluate CNNs, RNNs, and potentially even CNN+RNN combinations. You may also evaluate neural network topics we don’t explicitly get to cover in class, including but not lim- ited to generative models (GANs, VAEs), transformer architectures, or deep reinforcement learning.
If you do not evaluate an RNN or other post-CNN algorithm, you will lose points for creativity in the rubric described at the end of this document.
The goal will be to optimize the performance of decoding on a particular task; or else to apply one of these techniques to a research area. You may use any tools to implement these networks (e.g., PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlow etc.). Our philosophy here is that you already understand the principles of training these networks, doing backpropagation, optimization, etc., and are now well-equipped to use these packages that implement several of these operations for you.
You may work on the datasets provided below, or do a project related to your own research / in- terests. If you are doing a project related to your own research / interests, please e-mail Prof. Kao directly to get approval. In general, as long as the project will explore a post-CNN topic, it should be approved. We will provide approval for custom project requests as long as they are sent prior to Friday, 1 March 2024. We will not approve any custom projects after this date.
Students may work in groups of up to (and including) 4 people. To find teammates, you may use the “Search for Teammates” Piazza functionality. For more information, see https://support. piazza.com/support/solutions/articles/48001158117-search-for-teammates. You may also do the project individually.
